## Reagan Graff
### This week:
- Discussed woth the group about a new design.
- Discussed with Dr.  Zhang about approach and ideas for navigation 
- Program the Lidar for detecting and printing out distance and started code to make decisikns when a certain distance.

### Goals:
- Get the lidar program to work. Need to get the motors to work to drive around with the lidar.

> ### Advisor's comments:
> - You don't have to log the discussion events.

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week:
- Helped Ethan with planning how the final design should look. Decided to put the battery vertically in the back and we were thinking about how rest of the parts should fit in best possible way.
- Discussed as a group with Dr.  Zhang what the best possible approach to the assignment of getting this robot around the track would be. Our goal is first to make the Lidar drive towards the bucket and then use the lidar to determine if we need to turn right or left. Planning on using the lidar for one color of buckets and then image detection for the other colors and the ramp eventually.
- Did research and found a fuse for battery (safety)
- Helped Reagan to get the program for the Lidar to work, and then program the Lidar to work together with the motors so that the motors read the data from the Lidar in order to know where we are or how far we are from the bucket.

### Goals:
- Get the program that I just talked about above to work. We need this to work in order to be able to take the next step in this. Ideally we should have ti working by next week because time goes by fast!

> ### Advisor's comments:
> - Any reason you decided to put battery vertically? Any Pros. and Cons.?
> - If you haven't reached a conclusion on a plan (e.g. how the rest of the parts fit), you don't need to include it in the report :grin:.
> - If you have found a good fuse to use, attach the link and briefly state how you make the decision.
> - Please briefly describe what features or functionalities were achieved in your program. And seems "get the LiDAR to work with the motors" fits better in the **Goals** section.
> - Your plan needs to be more specific and you don't have to state the reason here :grin:. An example as follows
>   - Have lidar correctly detect the bucket in front, and send command to Pico accordingly.
>   - Update navigation code on Pico to adapt with more moving options
>   - Test the lidar guidance code and pico navigation code, so that the robot can head straight to the bucket and stop 0.5 meters away from it.   

## Ethan Durham 
### This week:
- Flashed a new OS on the Raspberry Pi 5
- Discussed with Dr. Zhang and group on how we would navigate to/around the buckets. With the goal we decided on of being able to use the LiDAR to control the direction of the robot and make it drive straight at the bucket.
- Helped Kajsa find a potential fuse that we are going to add to the robot
- Made inital drawing for new iteration with a list of what holes I needed to make in the base and where the components are going.
### Goals:
- Decide and order a fuse.
- Finish adding the holes in the new design.
- Print the new design.
- Assist on LiDAR program when needed
- Fully switch components to new design on Virgil. 

> ### Advisor's comments:
> - If you have a few fuse candidates, attach the link and briefly state how you make the decisions.
> - Please attach a scheme/draft/screenshot of your mechanical design
> - "Assist on LiDAR program" doesn't count as a goal :grin:. If you have a detailed plan, attach it.
