## Reagan Graff
### This week:
- Working on getting the Lidar to work with the motors. Had some troubles getting the motors to work, but we do get data from the Lidar.
- First got the Lidar code to work. This code will read the data from a 60 degree angle and should adjust the direction depending on if the bucket is too much to the left/right.
- Then made sure the motors worked
- Now working on getting these to working together with a program for our Raspberry Pi 5. Working on communication between Pi and Pico through UART so that we can get motors to work. (Talker/Listener) We did get this code to somewhat work but right now only one wheel is working, we did double check the pins with the code to make sure this was right.

### Goals:
- Get the program for the lidar and the motors to work properly. Work on details like speed etc.
- Improve the functioning and our programs.
- Train AI Camera

> ### Advisor's feedback:
> Thank you for the updates.
> Please only list work that have been done.
> I'm not grading your weeklpy by counting the word and I won't take any point from your report even you only have one achievement.
> See below for detailed concerns:
> - **WARNING**: There are identical bullets in Kajsa's report. 
> - Your [script](/Code/testnew.py) shows the LiDAR detection angle is 30 degrees instead of "...the data from a 60 degree angle...".
> - "Then made sure the motors worked" should be your plan, and it is too general. You'll need to briefly describe the test to verify the motors are working.
> - I don't consider "Now working on getting these to working together with a program for our Raspberry Pi 5." as an accomplishment.
> - Goals need to be more specific and tailored for _next_ week only.

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week:
- - Working on getting the Lidar to work with the motors. Had some troubles getting the motors to work, but we do get data from the Lidar.
- First got the Lidar code to work. This code will read the data from a 60 degree angle and should adjust the direction depending on if the bucket is too much to the left/right.
- Created a PowerPoint for the Senior Design Presentation this Friday (2/7)
- Now working on getting these to working together with a program for our Raspberry Pi 5. Working on communication between Pi and Pico through UART so that we can get motors to work. (Talker/Listener)  
- Thought about our plan and discussed this with Dr. Zhang. Maybe we should use encoders for the first distance and then use Lidar to navigate around bucket if we dont get the motors and Lidar to work together?
- Did some reaserch on this "plan" for our Code. Whats the next step etc - see goals. 

### Goals:
- Get the program for the lidar and the motors to work. We got the pico to hear the pi at least and the motors to work but only one wheel is driving with our program right now so need to solve what is going on with other wheel.
- To get the robot to drive around the bucket we probably should think about writing a program that will use distance from Lidar to drive around bucket. Train/callibrate AI camera to detect color of bucket

> ### Advisor's feedback:
> Thank you for the updates.
> Please only list work that have been done.
> I'm not grading your weeklpy by counting the word and I won't take any point from your report even you only have one achievement.
> See below for detailed concerns:
> - **WARNING**: There are identical bullets in Reagan's report. See my comments in Reagan's section for my opinions on these duplicated works.
> - You don't need to list "Thought about our plan and discussed..." if no conclusions are made.
> - List your plan in Goals section if it we need to "see goals".
> - I agree y'all need to think about "get the robot to drive around the bucket", a more detailed procedure/workflow/flowchart/algorithm will be more helpful.

## Ethan Durham 
### This week:
- Started printing the back half of Virgil's 4th design iteration
- Refilled printer filament and troubleshooted a nozzle error on printer
- Finished the front half design for iteration 4
- Sent an email including the fuse we want to order
- Created a datasheet folder and added the pi5 and LiDAR's datasheets
- Created a Base Designs folder and added Virgil's 4th design iteration stl files

### Goals:
- Finish printing design iteration 4
- Order and attach fuse
- Print a new battery holder for Virgil
- Switch components from Design 3 over to Design 4
- Assist in LiDAR program and AI cam training when necessary. 

> ### Advisor's feedback:
> Thank you for the updates.
