## Reagan Graff
### This week:
- Got both motors working for the lidar program.
- Hard coded encoder distances to first bucket
- Program switch mode between encoder to reading lidar
- Connected the AI camera and AI kit hardware
- Install necessary firmware and dependencies for the AI camerea and AI kit

### Goals:
- Research and train AI camera for determining bucket
- Program switching modes between driving to target, camera detection, and lidar
- Brainstorm how the robot is going to navigate around bucket

> ### Advisor's Comments:
> Thank you for the updates.
> My only concern is the goals still look a little too general.
> So, it could be a heavy workload if you can get all done in one week.

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week:
- Got both motors spinning with the RPLidar program
- Did research on the AI Camera and how we are going to incorporate it and train it
- Did research on ROS2 if we realize in the future that we might need this. Seems like a good option if needed, because it would lead to flexibility switching between sensors and avoid one single large codebase. However, if our team is not comfortable with ROS2 it could lead to problems and setup time is a concern.
- When implementing the AI camera we will need to use YOLOv8n to train it to see the buckets and take pictures of the buckets in different lightnings etc. I found this tutorial that can be helpful: https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/tutorial_of_ai_kit_with_raspberrypi5_about_yolov8n_object_detection/?utm_source=chatgpt.com , along with this video that also can help us: https://youtu.be/7mh77Nq51Ho
- I think this also could help us if we want to create our own train model: https://docs.ultralytics.com/modes/train/#introduction

### Goals:
- Incorporate AI camera and see if we are able to hardcode so that the sensors can switch inbetween each other for each step along the maze.
- Take pictures of buckets for the customized training program
- Annotate these pictures

> ### Advisor's Comments:
> Thank you for the updates.
> - Please briefly state the conclusions to the research you've done.
> - Given the listed articles and tutorials, your goal for next week can be planned with more details.

## Ethan Durham
### This week:
- Brainstormed with the team and Dr. Zhang about a simplified flowchart for our navigation strategy.
- Printed a new battery holder with a higher percentage infill, so it wont break as easy.
- Soldered and connected the fuse successfully.
### Goals:
- Finish transporting all of Virgil's components over to the new base.
- Assist in training AI camera model when needed
- Assist in programming when needed
- Start a new design that includes a place for a camera mount and the fuse.

> ### Advisor's Comments:
> Thank you for the updates.
> - How can we access the "flowchart for our navigation strategy"?
> - You don't have to include the assissting work in the goals. 
