## Reagan Graff
### This week:
- Reviewed and studied tutorials on training the AI camera for object detection.
- Continued refining the program that dynamically adjusts the robot’s operational mode based on different segments of the course.
- Successfully implemented a motor function that enables the robot to travel a specified distance based on input parameters.
- Developed and nearly completed a LiDAR program that allows the robot to move toward an object and halt upon reaching a predetermined distance.

### Goals:
- Begin the process of training the AI camera for object detection to enhance autonomous navigation capabilities.
- Organize the overall program architecture to establish a centralized main function that efficiently manages and calls sub-functions for each segment of the course.

> ### Advisor's Comments:
> Thank you for the updates.
> 1. Attaching a link of the tutorial is better.
> 2. Code udates not accessible (at least not in the [Code](./Code/) directory).
> 3. I suggest to get started with the AI kit instead of the AI camera.

## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Researched basics on training a new model for YOLO
- https://learnopencv.com/train-yolov8-on-custom-dataset/

### Goals:
- Switch Virgil components to new base
- Start on new design with camera mount

> ### Advisor's Comments:
> Thank you for the updates.
> 1. Use one bullet if you have focused on one thing.
> 2. Any detailed plan on the new camera mount?

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week:
- did some more research on the model and the training we have to do for the AI camera in order to detect the buckets.
- Thought about the plan if how we are going to navigate around the course. And how we should structure that code for each "stage". My thought is that we should code these functions (approach target and post maneuver) and then build for each stage what function it should use... Question is when the robot will know when stage is done?

### Next week:
- start incorporate the AI camera to our code so that we can use the camera to detect the buckets. Using only the lidar will be very unreliable cause the lidar could see other things possibly. And we dont know what the lidar is actually picking up.
- Start working on the model for the ai camera and training that camera with our own pictures.
