## Kajsa Pruner
### This Week:
- Created our presentation for the AVC workshop on Saturday. Shared this with Dr. Zhang. Included a description of our objective/abstract, as well as system arcitechture and procedure.
- Helped removing all the components from Virgil because we are going to move everything to the new base (Virgil 3.0)
- Finsihed annotating all the images for our own training program of the buckets

### Goals:
- Get everything set up on the new base of virgil 3.0, we are basically done but we had to order some other screws and a longer camera cable.
- test the training program that we created, possibly we might need more pictures so if that is the case I will start taking those pictures and annotate them as well to the training.

> ### Advisor's Comments
> All look good, but do you already have the training script ready?
 
## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Removed all components from Virgil
- "Welded" the two pieces of Virgil's new base together using a soldering iron
- Drilled the necessary holes for a second wire splitter, motor driver, and fuse
- Moved all components from Virgil's old design to new design, except LiDAR and camera

### Goals:
- Place LiDAR and camera onto the new base
- Start training a new yoloV8 model with the images we annotated
- Implement the newly trained model and test
- Start taking more images for a new model

> ### Advisor's Comments
> I've placed the screws and the longer camera cable on your table.

> ## Reagan
### This Week:
- Helped move all parts to new base
- Printer new camera mount
- Combined program from Hailo and our logic. This allows us to run camera detection, lidar, and motors at the same time.

### Goals:
- Troubleshoot program written last week
- Write to program to read distances from the detected bucket.

> ### Advisor's Comments
> As far as I know, "run camera detection, lidar, and motors at the same time" was not achieved.


