## Reagan Graff
### This Week:
- Programmed Hailo file that will be able to run camera detection and motor controls parallel. 
- Program theoretically should be able to navigate to first bucket, manuever around it, and set up towards the next goal.
- Tested trained yolo model Ethan created to detect buckets.

### Goals:
- Work on getting new yolo trained model to work with program we have.
- Fix the decision making, so will go left or right depending on location of object.
- Do a test run and tweak errors to perfect the first bucket. 

## Kajsa Pruner
### This Week:
- Worked on the report for this project. Working on the introduction right now, writing about hardware design, system design and started on methodology as well. Planning on refining, updating and using parts of last years report to get a final report that is more detailed done for this semester, so that audience can follow and understand our project fully. Last years report had a lot of missing details.
- Wrote our abstract, so that we could submit it for the space grant symposium
- Started working on the poster for the symposium.

### Goals:
- planning on having first draft of report done before spring break. Need to update tables from last year and adding parts list etc. Also including our references and datasheets for components.

## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Drilled hole for camera mounting and mounted camera
- Mounted the LiDAR
- Trained a Yolov8 model using robotflow, (https://app.roboflow.com/liverpoolrc/annotate-buckets/3/export)
### Goals:
- Get the newly trained model onto our Pi camera
- Implement our new model with Reagan's LiDAR program
